March 31, 1999

Hi Steve,

I am attaching the most recent version of the collection of codes I
use for extracting the correlators from the binary output files
generated by the propagating form factor code.  The Makefile shows the
targets.  The ones I have been using regularly are select_2pt.x and
select_3pt.x, so I know they should work.  They extract correlators
from 2pt and 3pt files, respectively, with selection criteria given in
stdin.  I have also used the split_3pt.x and merge codes, but they
will not be of any interest to your student.  Since I haven't used the
other targets recently, I can't be sure they will work as promised.

WARNINGS: 

(1) This code is not completely self-contained.  It requires a couple
of header files in "v5/propagating_form_factor".  So you should
install this code in the directory
"v5/propagating_form_factor/utilities" with a reasonably recent
version of the propagating form factor code in the parent
"v5/propagating_form_factor".  I made that provisional choice because
the ASCII operator definitions are not encoded in the binary files.
The momentum labeling is.  The quark kappa values were not.  That was
probably a mistake, but that is where we are now.  (A better solution
would be to read these values from a file supplied for each project.)

(2) When you compile with the Makefile, be sure to check the CFLAGS.
On 64 bit machines you have to define SHORT32 to read the 32-bit
integer values in the files.  On 32-bit machines you don't define
SHORT32.

TESTING:

I have also supplied test files for each code and the corresponding
output files

in.sample.select_2pt.x  -> out.sample.select_2pt.x
in.sample.select_3pt.x  -> out.sample.select_3pt.x

The tests operate on files generated in the propagating_form_factor
code.

Generating the binary test files:

   cd v5/propagating_form_factor

   make -f Make_${ARCH} cl_bicg_prop_form.x
   cl_bicg_prop_form.x < in.sample.cl_bicg_prop_form.x > out.test.cl_bicg_prop_form.x

Generating the utilities:

   cd utilities
   make select_2pt.x
   make select_3pt.x

Testing them:

   select_2pt.x ../out.sample.2pt_LL_l4448 < in.sample.select_2pt.x > out.test.select_2pt.x

   select_3pt.x ../out.test.form_HL_l4448 < in.sample.select_3pt.x > out.test.select_3pt.x

Good luck,
Carleton 
